All right guys welcome back.
So now that we've used the last few lectures to better understand the him and paid advertising.
I want to jump into Google afterwards and show you how to get started and how to set up a campaign of
your own.
Now spread this out over a group of lectures because honestly some of these details get really kind
of in the weeds.
But I want to start by jumping into onwards and talking you through the first bunch of options.
You'll need to consider focusing on the type of campaign you want to run right up to the point where
you start figuring out your bids and your budget.
All right so let's get started at the very beginning now.
Log in to Google ad words or create an account if you haven't already.
Through the easy add words dot Google dot com.
Don't worry I'll wait for you.
Once you logged in you might see a big create your first campaign button and you might want to press
that thing.
But before you do let's just talk about a few things you need to think about before you actually click
it.
First off you want to consider what you want out of your advertising efforts so start with a goal.
Be specific about what you want to accomplish.
Do you want people to visit your website.
You want them to buy something on your website.
You want them to complete a form on your website.
Do you just want them to visit your business in person.
Or do you just want them to see an ad or promotion for something you offer in general.
Each campaign needs to be focused like on one product or one goal.
Don't increase sales of two different products like your let's say custom iPhone cases and light switch
plates.
Well then you probably want to run two different campaigns.
Same goes if you want to increase sales of your iPhone cases but also use ads to drive foot traffic
to your new physical store.
If you have multiple goals values multiple campaigns.
So what is your goal.
Now Google has different campaign types for you to choose from.
Choosing the right one depends on which customers you want to reach and how.
For example you might want to target customers who are actively searching for a product or a solution
to something.
If that matches the kind of campaign you want to run you probably want to run a search network campaign
or you might want to do a campaign using Google's display network.
Now there are millions of Web sites who have partnered with Google to show advertising on their site.
Sometimes it's text sometimes it's images or graphics no issue ads from the display network hand.
They could be text they can be banners like graphics or they could be video if you want to reach all
the potential customers on those Web sites display network campaign would be your choice.
That's going to get you a lot of coverage.
Now if you only do search engine results searches well then you're only going after people who have
gone to Google and are searching for something where there is a third option.
You can actually do both.
There's an option to do campaigns for the search network with display network added in.
And if you're really not sure which network is right for you it's probably easier just to pick both
and then see if one performs better than the other.
Usually it's the case that one will do a lot better for you know a few other types available as well.
One specifically for advertising products you want to sell which they call a shopping campaign video
only ads and a video campaign or promoting an app in what they call a universal app campaign.
For now we're just going to focus on search and display just because we have to start somewhere.
And when you choose your campaign type you also get to choose between standard and all features.
Now standard is more straightforward and the simplest way to get an ad up and running when you're more
comfortable with the platform you might explore than the features option to customize your ad and targeting
and then do a whole lot of other advanced functions.
For now I'm just going to go a standard from this point.
My options are pretty straightforward.
Under networks I'll keep both of them checked google search and Google Display for devices that says
ads will show on all eligible devices by default so that's perfectly fine with me.
We'll figure out my ad formats later on for locations I'm cool with us and Canada.
Maybe you'd have you know different opinions on that one but I'm going to stick with this.
Obviously if you sell an online like Digital good you could sell it anywhere.
Doesn't matter what location you go after.
But you might ownership's restrict yourself based on language.
And speaking of language well I speak English and I expect my customers are probably going to also speak
English.
Now if you have different needs obviously just click on it and you'll see all the choices they've got.
And unfortunately I don't speak any of those other languages.
So if you don't speak English good luck watching these lectures Anyway anyway the next section here
is bid strategy.
And honestly the bidding stuff gets pretty detailed and takes a bit of explanation.
So let's save that for our next lecture shall we.
All right guys I'll see you in the next lecture.